Redesign of packaging guide landing page (#140)
pyOpenSci/python-package-guide: index.md

:::
::::

::::{grid-item}
:::{card} ✨ Want to contribute? ✨
:link: CONTRIBUTING
:link-type: doc
:class-card: left-aligned

We welcome contributions to this guide. Learn more about how you can
contribute.
:::
::::

:::::

:::{figure} https://www.pyopensci.org/images/people-building-blocks.jpg
:align: right
:width: 350
:alt: xkcd comic showing a stick figure on the ground and one in the air. The one on the ground is saying. `You're flying! how?`  The person in the air replies  `Python!` Below is a 3 rectangle comic with the following text in each box. box 1 - I learned it last night. Everything is so simple. Hello world is just print hello world. box 2 - the person on the ground says - come join us programming is fun again. it's a whole new world. But how are you flying? box 3 - the person flying says - i just typed import antigravity. I also sampled everything in the medicine cabinet. But i think this is the python. the person on the ground is saying - that's it?
:::

### A community-created guidebook

Every page in this guidebook goes through an extensive community review

> process. To ensure our guidebook is both accessible to beginners and accurate in it's representation of the packaging ecosystem, our community reviewers are diverse have a mixture of packaging expertise from expert to beginner.

Author: ```suggestion
process. To ensure our guidebook is both beginner-friendly and accurate we encourage review from people with a range of packaging expertise from expert to beginner.
```

```{button-link} https://github.com/pyOpenSci/python-package-guide#contributors-
:color: primary
:class: sd-rounded-pill float-left
View guidebook contributors

```

## Who this guidebook is for

This guidebook is for anyone interested in learning more about Python packaging. It is beginner-friendly and will provide:

1. Beginning-to-end guidance on creating a Python package.
1. Resources to help you navigate the Python packaging ecosystem of tools and approaches to packaging.
1. A curated list of resources to help you get your package into documented, usable and maintainable shape.

## Where this guide is headed

If you have ideas of things you'd like
to see here clarified in this guide, [we invite you to open an issue on GitHub.](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/python-package-guide/issues).

If you have questions about our peer review process or packaging in general, you are welcome to use our [pyOpenSci Discourse forum](https://pyopensci.discourse.group/).

> This is a living guide that will be updated as tools and best practices evolve in the Python packaging ecosystem. We will be adding new content over the next year.

Author: ```suggestion
This is a living guide that is updated as tools and best practices evolve in the Python packaging ecosystem. We will be adding new content over the next year.
```

Author: suggestion from @kierisi
